so Tom you have a reputation for being
wonderful and perfect in every way I
think in The Bachelor vernacular I think
I'm pretty awesome yeah yeah with you if
you ever like lose your temper or do you
ever do things do you ever have you ever
stolen anything other than material not
in my adult life okay I have a dare for
you all right all right you willing to
take the stick well I'll tell you what
it is
I fear nothing I feel like you could get
away with almost anything I have there's
a souvenir shop next door to our theater
all right and they do not know that I
had this idea it's the Hollywood land
experience my dare to you is they have
these cutouts of celebrities these are
cardboard cutouts one of the most of you
is to walk into that store take it steal
it and bring it back over here watch
oh there he goes
alright thanks have you hear me about to
commit is first I don't know if this
would be a misdemeanor I don't know what
the value of the item is it's not gonna
be it's not gonna be broken law at all
my friend can you hear me Tom I could I
can hear you can you hear me yeah yeah
you see we really clean the place up for
this the only thing I'm gonna get
arrested for is being too charming okay
well oh man hey can you wrap up one of
those sausages I'll pick it up on my way
out
seriously you could do that Zehra hey oh
hey you know Father's Day is coming up
yeah I wouldn't mind a nice chamise yeah
all right this is the joint hey
everybody
yeah this is eighth place how you doing
there toward the back on the right side
of it out hi folks you're from out of
town
hey you know what they validate parking
back there just go find the machine okay
here they go I see them now hey how are
you hello hello where are you from New
Jersey and where are you from Australia
how long have you been dating okay
stop lying get out of here come on now
you two have got to get together you
know I am the judge of kismet and I
think you've got it what is your name
sweetie you know what hit no no I'm
gonna give you 20 bucks try to meet
somebody who do we got we've got oh by
the way you didn't tell me that they had
a stand B of my abs
that price - me - oh yeah yeah give me a
second oh nice I am sick of this do
[Laughter]
I'm Oh doh
yeah I agree with that so much and I
feel like it's actually worth more now
thank you
where am I where is yours there oh I
dare you hey you don't hi I'm Tom Hanson
I'm stealing the standing here mo will
provide security there how are you guys
from st. Louis st. Louis congratulations
on the Blues one of the Stanley Cup what
exciting you want to meet a guy from
Australia who's looking for a new why go
back inside hold on wait a minute can I
have one of those now I'll take us I'll
just take a sausage with a little bit of
us don't pay for it steal it you want me
to steal it yeah steal it I can't beer
mo what I'm gone slide that into the
lady I'll take some money yeah thank you
very often Toki oh forget there you go
thank you now give me that back all
right so long folks
wait a minute I dropped it on Morey
Amsterdam star the fame
[Applause]
boy to go back in to go back in this way
all right all right give me that
oh you hold on to that you got it
technically this Guillermo and
accomplice we were crying about we're
back in the air-conditioning and the
crazy thing is we got the whole thing on
tape
on you get send somebody over the Hard
Rock Cafe to get that poor lady from
Australia Tom what I am is what why are
you still uncomfortable
[Applause]
Tom Hanks America's most wanted criminal
toys 44 opens a week from Friday
hold on this is not about that camera
just understand is I'm watching you to
me if you liked that video click
Subscribe and we'll be together until
one of us dies